# Eletrikal-WWDC21

Bringing knowledge about energy efficiency to elementary school children in the context of social isolation was what moved me to develop this playground.
For this, I took into account some educational factors to improve the experience of children users resenting the theme in a fun, interactive, and linear way and, at the same time, keeping their attention during the three minutes without causing cognitive overload, which facilitates the understanding of the theme.
The project was created in the format of a PlaygroundBook, using the Swift Playgrounds Author Template in Xcode. The split view format resembles an interactive children's book, which was super positive considering the project proposal.
I started the scope in the Miro tool to group all the ideas for each page and ask for feedback from colleagues and mentors. Then the design part was in charge of Adobe Illustrator. I chose to illustrate using simple shapes and some isometric angles that allow representing large-scale environments and objects, such as the wind turbine and the room, using little space on the screen. Another factor that made me choose this style was maintaining a style similar to current cartoons to familiarize children with the book.
Eletrikal was developed with the SpriteKit framework, which made it possible, in a simple way, to add design elements that are visually interesting for the user and, in addition, allowed the creation of organic frame transitions, which give the sensation of movement. The use of SKLightNode was essential for this project, being possible to reliably simulate different types of lighting.
Sound effects were added through AVAudioPlayer (from AVFoundation), making it possible to apply auditory feedback to some actions. That resulted in a more immersive playground. The button sounds were taken from Epidemic Sound with free license and the background sounds from Sscheidl from Pixabay.
Finally, adding assessment statuses by importing Playground Support was the icing on the cake, making the page transition much more organic and providing clear, actionable messages.
All these technologies combined all together, allowed me to create a PlaygroundBook with different interactions for each page and made it easier to explain such complex topics in a fun way. 
